proofread deployment docs (#1308)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/deploy/cluster/intro.md

and then the relevant node retrieves the local subscription table and sends the message to the
relevant subscriber.

For example, when `client1` publishes a message to the topic `t/a`.
The routing and distribution of the message between nodes are as follows:

1. Client1 publishes a message with the topic `t/a` to the `node1`.

> 2. By querying the topic tree, `node1` learns that `t/a` matches two existing topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. By querying the topic tree, `node1` learns that `t/a` matches two existing subscriptions
```
?

   `inconsistent_database` event from Mnesia;
2. After the node confirms that the Network Partition has occurred,

>    it reports the message to the Leader node (the earliest start node in the cluster);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   it reports the message to the Leader node (the oldest node in the cluster by uptime);
```
?
